Updates to diagram properties dialog (#4992)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/vector_properties.rst

general settings that do not interfere with the statistic values such as:

* the graphic's opacity, its outline width and color;
* depending on the type of diagram:

>   * in case of histogram and stacked bars, the width of the bar and the spacing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * for histogram and stacked bars, the width of the bar and the spacing
```

    between the bars. You may want to set the spacing to ``0`` for stacked bars.

>     Moreover, the :guilabel:`Axis line symbol` can be made visible in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Moreover, the :guilabel:`Axis line symbol` can be made visible on the
```

    map canvas and customized using :ref:`line symbol properties
    <vector_line_symbols>`.

>   * in case of text diagram, the circle background color and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * for text diagram, the circle background color and 
```

    the :ref:`font <font_selector>` used for texts;

>   * in case of pie charts, the :guilabel:`Start angle` of the first

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * for pie charts, the :guilabel:`Start angle` of the first
```

----

:guilabel:`Size` is the main tab to set how the selected statistics are
represented. The diagram size :ref:`units <unit_selector>` can be 'Millimeters',
'Points', 'Pixels', 'Map Units' or 'Inches'.
You can use :

* :guilabel:`Fixed size`, a unique size to represent the graphic of all the

>   features (not available for histogram)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  features (not available for histograms)
```

* or :guilabel:`Scaled size`, based on an expression using layer attributes:

  #. In :guilabel:`Attribute`, select a field or build an expression
  #. Press :guilabel:`Find` to return the :guilabel:`Maximum value` of the

>      set attribute or enter a custom value in the widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     attribute or enter a custom value in the widget.
```

  #. For histogram and stacked bars, enter a :guilabel:`Bar length` value,
     used to represent the :guilabel:`Maximum value` of the attributes.
     For each feature, the bar lenght will then be scaled linearly to keep
     this matching.
  #. For pie chart and text diagram, enter a :guilabel:`Size` value,
     used to represent the :guilabel:`Maximum value` of the attributes.

>      For each feature, the circle area or diameter will then be scaled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: I disagree with this removal. It addresses a setting in tghe GUI, explains how the chart are calsulated and follows the same pattern as the previous point

>      linearly to keep this matching (from ``0``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---------

> :guilabel:`Placement` helps to define diagram position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Placement` defines the diagram position.
```

Depending on the layer geometry type, it offers different options for the
placement (more details at :ref:`Placement <labels_placement>`):

* :guilabel:`Around point` or :guilabel:`Over point` for point geometry.
  The former variable requires a radius to follow.
* :guilabel:`Around line` or :guilabel:`Over line` for line geometry.
  Like point feature, the first variable requires a distance to respect
  and you can specify the diagram placement relative to the feature
  ('above', 'on' and/or 'below' the line)
  It's possible to select several options at once.
  In that case, QGIS will look for the optimal position of the diagram. Remember that
  here you can also use the line orientation for the position of the diagram.
* :guilabel:`Around centroid' (with a distance set)`, :guilabel:`Over centroid`,
  :guilabel:`Using perimeter` and :guilabel:`Inside polygon`
  are the options for polygon features.

The diagram can also be placed using feature data to fill the :guilabel:`X`

> and :guilabel:`Y` coordinate fields.

Reviewer: What does "using feature data" mean?
Should there be an example?

Author: euh... data-defined feature?

Reviewer: Yes. I have not checked the GUI, but something like:
```
The diagram can also be placed by data-defining the :guilabel:`X` and :guilabel:`Y`
coordinate fields.
```

Options
-------

> The :guilabel:`Options` tab has settings for histogram and stacked bars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Options` tab has settings for histograms and stacked bars.
```

You can choose whether the :guilabel:`Bar orientation` should be
:guilabel:`Up`, :guilabel:`Down`, :guilabel:`Right` or :guilabel:`Left`,

> allowing to generate horizontal or vertical diagrams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for horizontal and vertical diagrams.
```
